Improve basic training material through minor fixes (#198)
nextflow-io/training: docs/basic_training/groovy.md

!!! info

>     Note the different use of `$` and `${..}` syntax to interpolate value expressions in a string literal. Besides, note that `$x` was not expanded, as it was enclosed by single quotes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Note the different use of `$` and `${..}` syntax to interpolate value expressions in a string literal.
    The `$x` variable was _not_ expanded, as it was enclosed by single quotes.
```
